Localization: Add Missing Translations Note (#8587)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Localization/01 Dictionaries/Dictionaries.md

DevExtreme dictionaries are community-sourced. For a list of all available dictionaries, refer to the DevExtreme repository on GitHub: [DevExtreme Dictionaries](https://github.com/DevExpress/DevExtreme/tree/25_2/packages/devextreme/js/localization/messages).

> [note] Certain messages may not be translated in community-sourced dictionaries. To translate these messages, refer to [Override Strings in a Dictionary](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Localization/#Dictionaries/Override_Strings_in_a_Dictionary). To contribute your translations to the DevExtreme repository, refer to our [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/DevExpress/DevExtreme/blob/25_2/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] Certain messages may not be translated in community-sourced dictionaries. To translate them, refer to [Override Strings in a Dictionary](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Localization/#Dictionaries/Override_Strings_in_a_Dictionary). To contribute translations to the DevExtreme repository, refer to our [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/DevExpress/DevExtreme/blob/25_2/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
